[Music]
hi today we be showing you our new
create image tool it's based on flux
Snell and currently the minimum area is
32x 32 and the maximum area size is 160
* 160 for tier 2 and if you're on tier
one or free trial it's 128 * 128
this isn't you can still go wider but
the maximum area must be below or equal
to this number it's good to note that
also the canvas size affects the
generated image meaning that if you're
creating for example a scenery it's good
if your canvas is wider than it's tall
and if you're creating characters it's
good if your canvas is taller than it's
wide all right so let's start off by
showing how you can create a scenery
and uh I'm doing for if you're tier one
for example or trying it out for first
time 160 by 100 is good for sceneries so
what shall we
generate so I'm thinking let's do a like
colorful fantasy town with a small stone
bridge over a
river and then it will be cool I think
to
get it from like firsters perspective
I'm not sure if this
is best way of doing it but it has
worked for me before so let's uh let's
do it
again and uh yeah remember to have
remove background off for sceneries and
let's click generate
and um if you like the previous image
more you can always contrl Z to go back
and here I'm thinking what we can do is
we can do the iterative process we so we
can use our generated image here then we
can use it as a init image
so it's we can improve on this so let's
do maybe
350 and let's maybe increase the
guidance weight a bit remember to what
your previous guidance weight was and if
you forget you can always click reset to
reset all the settings
all right so before and
after you got
the a
cleaner and what you can do here if you
want to do more things you could for
example go in like this and then you can
just drag if you want to remove some
things in the
background maybe you want to uh remove
some of this
maybe a bit more over
here then you can use this then just
increase the init image
strength then we can uh
click generate
and
yeah all right let's uh create a
character so let's create a new
canvas we will do uh with smaller than
the
heights then let's uh ask for
a an Archer holding a long
bow and let's uh remove
background and side
scroller uh View and let's ask for East
Direction
all right and you can control set if you
like it more colorful you can
also uh use it as an init image to
increase the uh
coloration now I want to show you guys
what it looks like if you change the
settings um and let's do
um let's do medium shading and
U like highly detailed and see what that
looks
like all right now I would like to show
you how you can use init
images so let's uh grab a image from the
internet I was thinking was fitting to
use a Jinx from Arcane because it's uh
they us released their the new TV series
so let's uh resize it down to something
that we can uh
use uh let's
do let like this uh heard girl and the
rain let's not
remove like that and then
South let's do
it let's make it like like it looks like
pixel art so let's say basic shading low
detail then we just going to do use init
image let's increase the init image
strength a bit
a bit
emotionless
uh my what's it called
stern look and let's uh maybe increase
the uh detail so it can do a bit more
with the
face all right I feel like we got the
uh anime look so let's uh increase the
init image strength a bit more oh I
spelled
the stern with the my
bad let's go back to let's go down to
yeah that
helped all right
nice then let's uh see if we can lower
the detail so we get even more pixel art
feeling thank you for watching the video
and I will see you in the next one if
you have any questions feel free to
leave a comment here or join our Discord
Channel and ask for help there